Added support for the *sc_req_item* table - CRUD ticket commands (#6571)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

>   - Added support for the *sc_req_item* table when get, create, update, delete ticket commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support for the *sc_req_item* table in the get, create, update, and delete ticket commands.
```

>   - Added the *approval* argument in create and update ticket commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added the *approval* argument for the create and update ticket commands.
```
